Use this file to record your reflection on this assignment.

- What are your initial impressions of how `Inheritance` affects your programming?
- What worked, what didn't, what advice would you give someone taking this course in the future?

This assignment helped me understand the purpose of inheritance in coding, and how it can be used to avoid redundancy and reuse code to accomplish multiple purposes. Learning how to extend the Building parent class to the subclasses Cafe, Library and House involved understanding how to create meaningful abstractions and their importance in object oriented programming. I initially found it confusing to break down the relationships between the Building class and each subclass, particularly in terms of the constructors and their respective parameters. Once I began testing each block of code, I tried passing different parameters in each class, but eventually found that the parent class parameters needed to be explicitly provided or handled by method overloading. This pushed me to think more carefully about the process of the data being passed through the inheritance chain, and helped me modify my code to better handle all the required data. Additionally, this assignment reminded me of the value of encapsulation when working with multiple classes with unique functionality, especially in decluttering methods and ensuring that each class manages its own data responsibly, making the overall program easier to maintain, debug, and extend. I would advise anyone working on this assignment in the future to read up on inheritance before attempting to code, because understanding the concept and theoretical fundamentals really eased the process for me, as I was then able to identify the cause of certain behaviours and outcomes much easier once I felt confident in my understanding of the superclass-subclass relationships.
